Lil cleanup library text [LIBS-426] (#37)
uploadcare/uploadcare-java: HISTORY.md

## 3.3.1
### Updated

> - Apache HTTP client and HTTP MIME dependencies to v4.5.13, fixes network related issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apache `httpclient` and `httpmime` dependencies to v4.5.13, fixes network related issues.
```
